### Meeting0029
### 11/12/2021

### Attending

- Karl Miller, President
- Derek Santiago, Treasurer
- Bryan Robbins, Discord Administrator
- Davis Moore, Vice President (present in text chat)

### Resolved

- Asynchronous vote to change meeting time to 3:50 pm on Fridays. Voting will close on 11/19 and, if resolution passes, will be in effect for the meeting on 11/26

### Discussions 

- Derek has been working on some i2c communication issues at work. He's also been learning about C++ by watching some videos by The Cherno

- Karl will reach out to IT to see what the status of that is and CC Bryan, Derek, and Davis.

- Davis had a transformer blow outside his house and lost all power. He's been working on a to-do manager using Asana. 

- Alternate server option: Raspberry Pi
	- Requires a static IP from ISP
	- Members would have to be able to VPN into the network
	- Both Bryan and Davis said they would be willing to let the club use one of their Raspberry Pis 
	- Depending on the status of IT department by next week, we may go with that option or look at purchasing a VPS
	
- Robinhood bot project 
	- Bryan has been doing research into Python modules which may be helpful, such as [PyAlgoTrade](http://gbeced.github.io/pyalgotrade/docs/v0.20/html/index.html)
	- Karl started working on documenting the code and might take another look at it this week 
	- Longer term, when the project has basic features, would like to implement [machine learning](https://www.kdnuggets.com/2018/10/simple-neural-network-python.html)
	
### Agenda next meeting

- Result of new meeting time vote 
- IT decisions
- New projects
- Old projects
- Robinhood bot 
- Club crawler
