### Meeting0011
### 5/22/21

### Attending

- Karl Miller, President
- Davis Moore, Vice President,
- Bryan Robbins, Discord Administrator,
- Amir Rahimov, Prospective Member

### Resolved

The meeting did not achieve board quorum (requires 4/7 board members, had 3/7) or member quorum (requires 4/8 full members, had 3/8).

### Discussions 

- Discussed summer faculty-led project run by Professor Shallow. Will bring up again next meeting to hopefully vote to approve.
- Created a channel for faculty-board communications.
- Discussed next meeting time. Karl will be out of town between Saturday, May 29th and Saturday, June 29th and will be unable to chair meetings. May change meeting times at next meeting. VP Davis Moore will chair any meetings scheduled while Karl is gone.
- Discussed constitutional amendment to allow for asynchronous voting. Something to the effect of: 

> Meeting attendees may elect to put an important matter to an asynchronous vote of the club or board on the Discord, if quorum cannot be met or if it is felt that said matter should be put to asynchronous vote. Before the next scheduled meetings, members may vote, and if the total number of members exceed quorum and the measure passes, it will be considered passed as though those members attended the meeting."

- Discussed what types of meetings we might do over the summer and in the fall. Davis suggested some in-person meetings and there is general agreement that this is a good idea.
  - We want some in-person meetings in the fall on campus. May be every meeting, half of meetings, once a month, or some other fraction of total meetings.
  - Some in-person meetings may be on campus some may be off campus.
  - Having a summer meet and greet at a coffee shop or park.
  - Mid-august/late-july would be a likely time for summer meet and greet.
  - May stream meetings to Discord to allow remote members to observe and participate.

- Discussed ongoing projects
  - Bryan created a new repo for a minecraft mod.
  - Davis discussed Conways, and he completed that project after the meetings. We may implement as a background on the website.
  - Karl discussed doing a physics-based project with matter.js and scrapping his python physics simulator.

- Mentioned server project - something for the Fall.