### Meeting0005
### 4/10/21

### Attending 
- Karl Miller, President
- Adam Morvant, Discord Administrator 
- Bryan Robbins, Discord Administrator
- Kaitlin McManus, Secretary 
- Derek Satiago, Trustee
- Anthony Clark, Trustee

### Resolved 

- Elected Miheala Sabin as faculty advisor (6-0)
    - Mihaela Sabin as faculty advisor was endorsed by Professor Shallow

### Other Discussions 

- Discussed other possible officer positions & duties; quartermaster, treasurer
	- quartermaster organizes field trips etc
	- quartermaster organizes supplies
	- quartermaster handles event and travel planning
	- treasurer manages club finances
	
- Elections:
	discussed options:
	- nominations - people can get self conscious about nominating
	- "name in pool" nominations
	- self-nominations

- Having asynchronous voting in discord through the bot
- Discussed the status of the constitution:
	- interested parties will submit "options" to the draft which will later be voted on and discussed
- Having all member meetings every other week and board meetings on off weeks
- Pull requests: membership requirement 
    - creating a new repository and committing does not count towards request
- Discord open to faculty and they can contribute to projects 
- Discussed faculties and memberships rights     
- Discussed having a member database 
- Pull Requests:
	- any member having difficulty with completing pull request requirement can ask in help channel and someone will help them via screen share or anything else they need

- Discord:
	- Bryan has discord bot working well
	- Pinned a new welcome message to explain to register with the bot
	- Discussed role of faculty and non-member students in Discord and on club platforms

- Ongoing Projects:
	- Discord Bot
	- Vignere Cipher just about finished
	- Physics Simulator
	- Chkpi bash script for python linting

After the meeting:
	- Discussed how we might handle conduct issues that anticipate could arise
	- Discussed possible events we could use funding for, like Pax-east
	- Discussed that there is an API for canvas that could be interesting to explore
	- Discussed fundraising options; ads on a popular web widget, computer cleaning service, donation fundraising


Next Meeting:
	- Discuss options in constitution, hopefully vote on election procedures
	- Discuss results of reaching out to faculty about budget, officialness
	- Discuss ongoing and new projects
	- Hopefully have a timeline for constitution completion and going official




