### Meeting0030
### 11/26/2021


### Attending

- Karl Miller, President
- Davis Moore, Vice President 
- Derek Santiago, Treasurer
- Tony Pion, Prospective Member

### Resolved

_No resolutions_

### Discussions 


#### Existing Projects:

club-crawler:
	- Karl redid the documentation for club-crawler with jsdoc

robinhood-bot:
	- Karl submitted a pull request to add documentation framework to the robinhood-bot app, as well as wrapping existing code in a python module. Going to wait on Bryan's OK on it.
		
#### What members have been working on:

Tony remounted a TV.

Derek has had some school projects.

Karl 
	- did a [pull request](https://github.com/jsdoc/jsdoc/pull/1956) to add a feature, a built-in plugin, called Outerdocs to the jsdoc code base. He doubts if it will even be reviewed because the project is pretty dead.
	- started experimenting with javascript frameworks with a project called [hey](https://github.com/klm127/hey)


### Agenda Next Meeting

- status of projects 
- need a point of contact / representative for student government according to a recent email
- progress of IT discussions