### Meeting0004
### 4/3/21

### Attending 
- Karl Miller, President, 
- Davis Moore, Vice President
- Adam Morvant, Discord Administrasor, 
- Bryan Robbins, Discord Administrator
- Derek Satiago, Trustee, 

### Resolved 

- Next meeting will be held on Saturday, 4/10 at noon on DISCORD instead of Zoom (5-0)

### Other Discussions 

- Discussed the status of the Constitution. Decided that when Davis, Karl, or someone else does a big revision on the Constitution Draft, we could open a pull request and have the pull request as a comment period so members and others can give input on it prior to votes, so that by the time it comes for ratifying, members who want to have had their voices heard.
- Regarding the Constitution, decided we would aim to not define member meetings super strictly in the Constitution, leaving more flexibility for the board to decide when and how often membership-wide meetings will happen.
- Discussed whether to vote for faculty advisor. We felt that attendance was a little low to vote on FA at this juncture, and there are 3 members who have another advisor candidate they would like us to interview. Since we don't have the constitution drafted yet anyway, we decided to put off a vote on Faculty advisor pending possibly another interview. Adam said he would reach out to the other FA advisor candidate.
- Discussed how best to manage member information while integrating it with the Discord Bot. We need to make an API of some kind and have a database. Will possibly use Google Cloud to host the database and API. Bryan might talk to his father to get a little more insight as to DB solutions. 
- Davis brought up the need to differentiate board meeting records and member meeting records down the line. Once the constitution is ratified, the board will be meeting more frequently than membership to handle the minutia of administration. There may need to be a new repository or, at least, directory for board meetings.
- Discussed how to make sure members do Pull Requests so they are able to engage with projects if they want to, and to meet membership requirements. Down the line, we might start messaging members to remind them and offer them one on one screen-share assistance with the process.
- Discussed a proper welcome / rule acknowledgement process in the Discord which has largely been implemented by a combination of Discord channel management and the bot already.
- Discussed new ideas. Bryan had the idea for a paper trading simulation to be operated through the Discord bot. Davis discussed Conways Game of Life. 
- Discussed the role non-members should have in the Discord. We have some non-member channels.

## Agenda for Meeting 0005

1. Discuss status of Constitution.
1. Discuss voting procedures (Asnyc?)
1. Encourage attendees to make a Pull Request if they have not yet done so. [Link to Guide](https://unhm-programming-club.github.io/2021/04/01/git-pull-request-guide.html)
1. Discuss status of Discord Bot.
1. Discuss status/result of faculty advisor
1. Discuss status of ongoing projects.
1. See if anyone wants to hop on any existing projects or if they have new project ideas.

