### Meeting0026
### 10/29/2021

### Attending

- Karl Miller, President
- Davis Moore, Vice President
- Jared O'Connell, Prospective Member
- Tony Pion, Member

### Resolved

- No resolutions

### Discussions 

- Discussed Meeting time 
	- Seems to work for all attendees. Will see how attendance fares over time.
	- Email notifications probably help attendance. Task scheduler in Windows could automate sending emails. 

- Discussed IT server 
	- Is port forwarding needed? (Probably not)
	- If it doesn't work out, Tony said we could use his home server to host the Discord bot. 
	- We could get a VPS from Hostinger or Ramnode for cheap as well.
	- Github packages allows us to keep a Docker file right on Github
	
- Discussed ongoing projects 
	- Tony is volunteering for a First Robotics event he's been doing for a while
	- Karl has been working on his home management database 
	- Jared has done a little more work on his LED strips 
	
- Discussed Faculty Advisor
	- With Karl moving it will probably be helpful to seek more involvement from the faculty advisor than originally intended
	- Professor Sabin is very busy, but Jared is going to be joining faculty this Spring; with his interest in the club and availability to be involved, he would be a good choice for faculty advisor and is willing to do it 
	
- Could not determine whether our blurb was printed in The Flush or not in October. 
	
### Agenda next meeting

- Impressions of Friday meeting time
- Progress of IT discussions
- Faculty advisor 
- New projects
- Ongoing projects
- Budget allocations 
- The Flush - were we ever printed?