### Meeting0022
### 9/25/2021

### Attending

- Karl Miller, President
- Davis Moore, Vice President,
- Derek Santiago, Treasurer
- Jared O'Connell, Prospective Member

### Resolved

- No resolutions (No Quorum)

### Discussions 

- Discussed requirements coming from Office of Student Engagement
	- An officer is required to attend a workshop
	- There's a "club hub" now 
	- Davis said he will attend a workshop 
- Budget 
	- Put off Budget decisions until we hear back from IT: If they have hosting we can use, we can allocate our funds differently.
- Hosting
	- Waiting on IT
	- Derek has a physical server he may be willing to donate if necessary 
- The Flush
	- Karl will submit something to the Flush 
- Website
	- There's a style for everyone on the website!
- Meeting days and Times
	- We will poll membership to see if we can come up with a different meeting time to accomodate more / different members 
- Ongoing Projects 
	- Davis is coding a Java 11 video game, where level data is in json files. Decided to move project to team repo after meeting 
	- Jared has been coding a messsenger manager app with Qt/C++ that will hook into Discord and other messaging services. 
	- Derek has been fabricating and engineering in work related tasks 
	- Karl created a javascript app for converting freeplane .XML exports into collapsable DOM elements 
- New Projects
	- Davis moved the Java 11 game to the team repository. 
	- Karl thinks we should consider making a game in Phaser 
	
	
	
- Discussed results of the club fair 
- Due to not having quorum, or relevant board members there for certain discussions, we tabled budget and pull requirement talks until next meeting.
- Discussed Jared's internship and corporate culture at Red Hat.
- Discussed some altnerate solutions if UNH hosting doesn't work out (RamNode)
- Discussed website improvements

### Agenda Next Meeting 

- Budget allocations
	- server: IT department is still processing the ticket request for hosting. Was updated that they are talking with higher-up members of IT department about it 
- Pull request requirement 
- Game Project 
- New project(s)
- The Flush
- Changing Meeting Days 
- Code Challenge Repository? 