### Meeting0021
### 9/11/2021

### Attending

- Karl Miller, President
- Davis Moore, Vice President
- Anthony Clark, Quartermaster
- Derek Santiago, Treasurer
- Tony Pion, Member

### Resolved

- No resolutions

### Discussions 

- Discussed the Club Fair on Tuesday the 14th from 2:00 to 5:00 pm. Karl will meet Davis at 1:20 pm in front of the school to get a laptop from him. Karl will set up the table in the club fair. When Davis gets out of class at 3-3:30, he will join Karl at the club fair. Karl will have to leave the fair at 4:00.
	- One early description of club purpose was "a freewheeling network of programmatic cooperation"
	- Review mission statement
	- We have some fun small projects to show as well
	- Can show github page and website
	- Website should have Discord invite
- Discussed transition of leadership. If we do it via Karl tendering resignation this fall, Davis (VP) can take over functions of presidency as per the constitution, but a vote would have to be held as soon as feasible. Otherwise, there are normal club elections in the Spring.
- Discussed whether Discord admins can remove non-participating members, but it was a question that would require input from Discord Administrators.
- Discussed the Flush. 
	- Will include a QR code for the website 
	- Need a blurb
- Discussed whether the pull request is a good requirement
	- Anthony felt that the pull request is not useful, as many new Discord-joinees do not go ahead and complete it
	- It's possible they may be put off by the pull request requirement because its too challenging
	- Having the pull request requirement is keeping membership numbers lower than if we counted everyone who joined the Discord and gave info as a member. This has the advantage of lowering quorum requirements. However, it may impact what budget we recieve from UNHM this semester.
	- We will discuss with the head of Student Engagement what influence membership number has on budget 
	- How can members contribute to group projects if they can't use Git?
- Discussed Conways Game of Life as Website Background idea
	- Karl volunteered to implement Davis's idea on the website and completed it after the meeting 
	- It can be turned off by clicking club logo on the website, but might still be a little too noisy or contrast-y to make reading on the website easy
  
### Agenda Next Meeting

- The Flush
- Leadership transition decisions
- Pull Request Requirement discussion with what info we get from Office of Student Engagement about budget 
- Website styling and features (better color scheme? Integrating conways better? Pop up tab for other background features? Game tab?)
- Ongoing projects
- Engagement